Update README and Docs with new messaging and fix broken links (#632)
zenml-io/zenml: README.md

# 👀 What is ZenML?

**ZenML** is an extensible, open-source MLOps framework for creating 

> portable, production-ready MLOps pipelines. Built 
> for data scientists, ML Engineers, and MLOps Developers to collaborate, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
portable, production-ready MLOps pipelines. Built to enable collaboration among data scientists, ML Engineers, and MLOps Developers,
```

maybe?

it has a simple, flexible syntax, is **cloud-** and 

> **tool-agnostic**, and has interfaces/abstractions that are catered towards 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**tool-agnostic**, and has interfaces/abstractions that are thoughtfully designed for 
```

docker run -it zenmldocker/zenml /bin/bash
```

### 🐛 Known installation issues for M1 Mac Users

If you have a M1 Mac machine and you are encountering an error while trying to install ZenML, 

> please try to setup brew and pyenv with Rosetta 2 and then install ZenML. The issue arises because some of the dependencies 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
please try to setup `brew` and `pyenv` with Rosetta 2 and then install ZenML. The issue arises because some of the dependencies 
```

aren’t fully compatible with the vanilla ARM64 Architecture. The following links may be helpful (Thank you @Reid Falconer) :

> [Pyenv with Apple Silicon](http://sixty-north.com/blog/pyenv-apple-silicon.html)
> [Install Python Under Rosetta 2](https://medium.com/thinknum/how-to-install-python-under-rosetta-2-f98c0865e012)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Pyenv with Apple Silicon](http://sixty-north.com/blog/pyenv-apple-silicon.html)
- [Install Python Under Rosetta 2](https://medium.com/thinknum/how-to-install-python-under-rosetta-2-f98c0865e012)
```
